then Joe Bond said and I have heard many
then Joe Bond said and I have heard many such things miserable comforters are you
such things miserable comforters are you
such things miserable comforters are you all sure words of wind have an end or
all sure words of wind have an end or
all sure words of wind have an end or what provokes you that you answer I also
what provokes you that you answer I also
what provokes you that you answer I also could speak as you do if your soul were
could speak as you do if your soul were
could speak as you do if your soul were in my soul's place I could heap up words
in my soul's place I could heap up words
in my soul's place I could heap up words against you and shake my head at you but
against you and shake my head at you but
against you and shake my head at you but I would strengthen you with my mouse and
I would strengthen you with my mouse and
I would strengthen you with my mouse and the comfort of my lips would relieve
the comfort of my lips would relieve
the comfort of my lips would relieve your grief though I speak my grief is
your grief though I speak my grief is
your grief though I speak my grief is not relieved and if I remain silent how
not relieved and if I remain silent how
not relieved and if I remain silent how am i but now he is warned world you have
am i but now he is warned world you have
am i but now he is warned world you have made desolate all my company you have
made desolate all my company you have
made desolate all my company you have shriveled me up and it is a witness
shriveled me up and it is a witness
shriveled me up and it is a witness against me my leanness rises up against
against me my leanness rises up against
against me my leanness rises up against the in bears witness to my face
the in bears witness to my face
the in bears witness to my face he tears me in his wrath and hates me he
he tears me in his wrath and hates me he
he tears me in his wrath and hates me he gnashes at me with his teeth my
gnashes at me with his teeth my
gnashes at me with his teeth my adversary sharpens his gaze only they
adversary sharpens his gaze only they
adversary sharpens his gaze only they gape at me with their mouths they strike
gape at me with their mouths they strike
gape at me with their mouths they strike me reproachfully on the cheek they
me reproachfully on the cheek they
me reproachfully on the cheek they gathered together against me God has
gathered together against me God has
gathered together against me God has delivered me to the ungodly and turned
delivered me to the ungodly and turned
delivered me to the ungodly and turned me over to the hands of the wicked I was
me over to the hands of the wicked I was
me over to the hands of the wicked I was at ease but he is shattered
at ease but he is shattered
at ease but he is shattered he also has taken me by my neck and
he also has taken me by my neck and
he also has taken me by my neck and shaken me to pieces he has set me up for
shaken me to pieces he has set me up for
shaken me to pieces he has set me up for his target his archers surround me he
his target his archers surround me he
his target his archers surround me he Pierce's my heart and does not pity he
Pierce's my heart and does not pity he
Pierce's my heart and does not pity he pours out my gall on the ground he
pours out my gall on the ground he
pours out my gall on the ground he breaks me but wound upon the wound he
breaks me but wound upon the wound he
breaks me but wound upon the wound he runs at me like a warrior I have some
runs at me like a warrior I have some
runs at me like a warrior I have some sackcloth over my skin and laid my head
sackcloth over my skin and laid my head
sackcloth over my skin and laid my head in the dust
in the dust
in the dust my face is flushed from weeping around
my face is flushed from weeping around
my face is flushed from weeping around my eyelids as the shadow of death
my eyelids as the shadow of death
my eyelids as the shadow of death although no violence is in my hands and
although no violence is in my hands and
although no violence is in my hands and my prayer is pure o earth do not cover
my prayer is pure o earth do not cover
my prayer is pure o earth do not cover my blood and let my cry have no resting
my blood and let my cry have no resting
my blood and let my cry have no resting place surely even now my witness is in
place surely even now my witness is in
place surely even now my witness is in heaven and my evidence is on high my
heaven and my evidence is on high my
heaven and my evidence is on high my friend scorn me my eyes pour out tears
friend scorn me my eyes pour out tears
friend scorn me my eyes pour out tears to God o that one might plead for a man
to God o that one might plead for a man
to God o that one might plead for a man with God as a man pleads for his
with God as a man pleads for his
with God as a man pleads for his neighbour for when a few years are
neighbour for when a few years are
neighbour for when a few years are finished
finished
finished I shall go the way of no return
I shall go the way of no return
I shall go the way of no return [Music]